## 2.0.0
**NEW CHANGES:**
- Removed deprecated `dart:html` and used `js_interop` for the platform: **web**.
- Update the `example` app.
- Update the documentation (It includes instructions on implementing this package for the web platform and addressing **CORS** limitations.)

**BREAKING CHANGES:**
- The class `SignInWithLinkedIn` is no longer singleton and now requires `LinkedInConfig` in the constructor.
- The method `SignInWithLinkedIn.signIn` is removed and in place of it, 3 new methods have been added:
  - `getAuthorizationCode()` - To get the auth code from the redirect URL by signing in to the LinkedIn account.
  - `getAccessToken()` - To obtain access token details by passing the `auth code` generated by the above method.
  - `getUserInfo()` - To get user details by passing the `access token` generated by the above method.
- The method `logout()` now requires the `BuildContext` in arguments.
- The class `LinkedInError` is removed and 3 error classes have been added to handle specific errors:
  - `AuthCodeError` - LinkedIn authorization error when redirect URL does not contain code.
  - `LinkedInAuthError` - LinkedIn authentication error if an access token is not successfully obtained.
  - `LinkedInProfileError` - LinkedIn profile error if user info is not successfully obtained.

## 1.1.0

- Set minimum Dart SDK to `3.7.0`.
- Upgrade Android platform to use `kts` script.

## 1.0.1

- Fixed issue of `onGetUserProfile` called twice

## 1.0.0

- Added Flutter web support

## 0.0.3

- Set access token data in `onGetUserProfile` callback

## 0.0.2

- Rename files

## 0.0.1

- Initial release
